The robot is used: 

to take pictures/video with a camera, 

to flip switches, 

to dip a sensor into water, 

to control via the Internet, 

to check on things, especially false alarms (e.g. Water level alarm: look at it, turn on tap, wait/watch, turn off tap, turn on ventilator. 

 

6-7 drivers, limit switches for robot arm. 

 

Priority: mock the joystick to get wheelchair to turn left and right move forward and backward using Arduino. ARCS = Annin robotic control software. 

take over PC using remote admin. 

Need to wire up limit switches. 

Need to wire up controls to robot arm. 

Power is connected. 

 

Arduino MEGA2560, relay module, six stepper drivers, PC (Wi-Fi, remote access) needs to control Arduino using ARCS software. 

 

The fish farm concept can work anywhere. 

 

If bad things happen, there will be only 30 minutes to fix the problem. Worst case scenario: circulation cuts out because power goes, and spare generator doesn’t start; the fish will all die. 

 

What’s really required: a manually-operated, compressed O2 cylinder with a tube into a submerged airstone and an actuator driven by a battery-powered Arduino (mobile phone command) to give off-grid support for seven hours. Not required. Will not be deivered. 

 

If the temperature drops 2 degrees Celsius in 24 hours if the fish have eaten and the temperature then drops, they will die. 

 

Note: what we are doing here is really looking after the water; if the water is maintained correctly, then the fish are incidental. 

 

300M3 water requires roughly 30 M3/day replenish. 

 

20M3 maximum extraction rate per borehole x 2 bore holes pumping slowly but continuously 24/7 (100% uptime!). 

 

RAS = recirculation aquaculture system 

 

Concept: buy a building, get a fish farm. 

 

Ammonium is most poisonous chemical - must be removed continuously.  

 

If you don't replenish with freshwater, nitrates will build up and make the fish ill. Not required. 

 

Use wheelchair plus Arduino to make wheelchair move. 
